Update Cannon docs (#628)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/stack/protocol/fault-proofs/cannon.mdx

that Cannon interacts with OP-Challenger and OP-Program. However, this diagram is a simplification of the relationship between
OP-Challenger \<> Cannon, and OP-Program \<> Cannon. In general, Cannon will not be run until an active fault dispute reaches the
execution trace portion of the bisection game. This does not occur until the participants in the active fault dispute game reach a

> single L2 output root state transition that they disagree on.

Reviewer: L2 block was correct; Each L2 block has a corresponding output root with the following construction https://specs.optimism.io/protocol/proposals.html#l2-output-commitment-construction

```suggestion
single L2 block state transition that they disagree on.
```

### OP-Challenger \<> Cannon

> Once an active fault dispute game reaches a depth below attacking / defending L2 output root state transitions, OP-Challenger will run

Reviewer: same ^
```suggestion
Once an active fault dispute game reaches a depth below attacking / defending L2 block state transitions, OP-Challenger will run
```
